# Indian-Ecommerce-PowerBI
End-to-end Power BI project with dashboards, trends, and insights

## Project Overview
This is an **end-to-end Power BI project** using an Indian e-commerce dataset (~25,000 rows, 17 columns). The project includes dashboards for executive insights and operational/customer analysis.

## Project Workflow
1. **Data Cleaning** – Handle missing values, check consistency
2. **Dashboard 1: Executive View** – KPIs, Category & City analysis, Order Status
3. **Dashboard 2: Customer & Operational View** – Delivery efficiency, Returns, Cancellations, Customer insights
4. **Trend Analysis** – Monthly Revenue and Orders trends
5. **Insights & Recommendations** – Business observations based on dashboards

## Tools Used
- Power BI Desktop
- DAX for measures
- Data visualization and dashboard design

## Files
<a href="https://github.com/deepakn766/Indian-Ecommerce-PowerBI/blob/main/indian_ecommerce_25000.csv">Dataset<a/>


Question worked and Image 
1. Executive Insights
What is the total revenue generated by the company
Which product category generates the most revenue?
Which cities contribute the highest revenue?
What percentage of orders are Delivered, Returned, or Cancelled?

<a href="https://github.com/deepakn766/Indian-Ecommerce-PowerBI/blob/main/Screenshot%202025-10-19%20192818.png">Executive image</a>

3. Customer & Operational Insights
What is the average delivery time for all orders?
How many orders were delivered on time vs delayed?
Who are the high-value customers (based on revenue)?
How has total revenue changed month by month over the year?
How have total orders or products sold changed month by month?
<a href=>




